Create ui-c8y-1023-25-4-fixed-styling-of-confirmation-modal-options-10866-graft-release-cd-11047.md (#4191)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-25-4-fixed-styling-of-confirmation-modal-options-10866-graft-release-cd-11047.md

---
date: ""

> title: Fixed styling of confirmation modal options (#10866) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11047)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Fixed styling of checkbox options in the confirmation dialog
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-62311
version: 1023.25.4
---

> Improved styling of checkbox option's labels in confirmation dialog so that the are clearly visible and align with the rest of the dialog content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Confirmation modal](https://cumulocity.com/codex/components/status-feedback-and-notifications/modal/overview#confirmation-modal) supports additional checkbox options that can be presented to the user. Previously, the styling of these options was inconsistent with the text displayed in the dialog. Now, the styling has been aligned.
```

> [Confirmation modal](https://cumulocity.com/codex/components/status-feedback-and-notifications/modal/overview#confirmation-modal) supports additional checkbox options that can be presented to the user. Previously, the styling of these options was inconsistent with the text displayed in the dialog. Now, the styling has been aligned.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Confirmation modal](https://cumulocity.com/codex/components/status-feedback-and-notifications/modal/overview#confirmation-modal) supports various checkbox options that can be presented to the user. Previously, the styling of these options was inconsistent with the text displayed in the dialog. Now, the styling has been aligned.
```

> The [Confirmation modal](https://cumulocity.com/codex/components/status-feedback-and-notifications/modal/overview#confirmation-modal) supports various checkbox options that can be presented to the user. Previously, the styling of these options was inconsistent with the text displayed in the dialog. Now, the styling has been aligned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [confirmation modal](https://cumulocity.com/codex/components/status-feedback-and-notifications/modal/overview#confirmation-modal) supports custom checkbox options that can be presented to the user. Previously, the styling of these options was inconsistent with the text displayed in the dialog. Now, the styling has been aligned.
```
@BeateRixen, not sure about "various". The point here is that a developer can invoke the confirmation modal with a custom set of options which will be presented as checkboxes to the end user.
